Welcome everyone to the solution for skill in trivia question number four.
So here we had to consider the two tables below the Employees table in the manager's table and we wanted
to write a query that retrieves all employees managed by Sandy Kim.
So what's the connection here.
Well we can see that we have the employees managed by column and there's the number three there that
connects to the manager's ID column where Sannie Kim has the idea three.
So if you knew that already you could just do a simple query in this fashion you could say select name
from employees where it managed by equals three.
Basically that is if you already knew the knowledge that Sandy Kym's ID in the employees column was
three.
Typically however you're not going to be able to know that because there's going to be so many IDs so
many managers that you will have to join them somehow.
So if you came up with this query first hopefully you're able to expand it to a query that uses joins.
So let's go ahead and go to that query now.
So what do we do here.
Well we're going to say select the employees names that's the name column from the Employees table.
And we want to say employees dot name because there's a name column in both tables so we need to specify
what Name column we're actually referring to.
So we're saying select employees that name from employees join the managers on and we're going to join
them together on the employees managed by column to the managers ID column and then we're going to say
where the manager's name is like the string.
Sandy Kim.
So that's a way you would be able to get the employee who is being managed by Sandy Kim without knowing
Sandy Kym's ID number.
And if you first solved it this way.
Most likely an interviewer is going to ask you.
Let's assume that you don't know what the ID is and they're hoping for you to answer it in this fashion.
OK.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.